Add EKS Pod Identity authn docs for S3 repository (#7316)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/s3-repository.md

If the symlink exists, it will be used by default by all S3 repositories that don't have explicit `client` credentials.

#### Using EKS Pod Identity for authentication [eks-pod-identity]
```{applies_to}
deployment:
  self: ga 9.6
```

> If you run {{es}} on Amazon EKS and want to use [EKS Pod Identity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html) for authentication, EKS injects a token file into the pod and sets the `AWS_CONTAINER_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN_FILE` environment variable to point at it. However, {{es}} is forbidden from reading files at this location for security reasons. To use EKS Pod Identity, add a symlink at `${ES_PATH_CONF}/repository-s3/eks-pod-identity-token` which links to the token file, then set the `AWS_CONTAINER_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN_FILE` environment variable to the location of this symlink. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run {{es}} on Amazon EKS and use [EKS Pod Identity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html) for authentication, EKS injects a token file into the pod and points the `AWS_CONTAINER_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN_FILE` environment variable to it. However, {{es}} is forbidden from reading files at this location for security reasons. To enable {{es}} to access this file, add a symlink at `${ES_PATH_CONF}/repository-s3/eks-pod-identity-token` which links to the token file, then set the `AWS_CONTAINER_AUTHORIZATION_TOKEN_FILE` environment variable to the location of this symlink. For example:
```
